# Reflection

## What did you build and why? 
I picked options A and C and went for the complete tier submission for this assignment. I decided to build an AI-powered movie recommendation feature that takes user input and parses it through an LLM to then find similar movies through the use of an API movie database. I chose to create this feature because I wanted to expand my knowledge on how you use API keys to incorporate LLMs into webpage features as well as expand my knowledge further by connecting that with a different API that stores the data. Additionally, having an API read through the user input allows that user input to be more personable, like you are typing more freely as opposed to trying to cater to specific search patterns.
## What surprised you?
What surprised me the most was how difficult it was to get the LLM to generate search queries that closely matched the user input in order to produce relevant movie results. The challenge came from both sides: the LLM sometimes failed to generate accurate or useful search terms, and the TMDB API also had its own way of structuring similarity results, which didn’t always align with what I expected. For example, when I searched for movies like Kung Fu Panda, the AI initially generated queries such as “martial arts,” which returned results that were not very similar and often not animated. However, after switching to the TMDB “discover” endpoint instead of the basic search, I was able to get results that were much more similar and relevant, but still slightly faulty. After the switch, I was still getting better results; however, for movies such as The Batman, it would display results for crime and dark themes when one would also expect some superhero movies to be included in the mix. Overall, I went with the discover endpoint, but it still is not perfect.
## What did you learn about how these services work?
Using Ollama, I learned a lot about how these services worked through troubleshooting and errors. I originally tried using Gemini’s free API, as I wanted to deploy this to the web, but through testing I quickly ran out of requests and was unable to use their API, so I had to switch to Ollama, which, after installing, was pretty simple to utilize. The only hiccup I had was getting the API call to work, but it was because the agent had listed the model type as gemma as opposed to gemma4, and once that was fixed everything ran smoothly.
## What would you do differently next time?
Overall, if I had to do anything differently, it would be better planning of the actual search feature. Specifically, I would research more into the APIs I am using to see if there are any creative ways to get better search results.